Shen Yi Jiangsu said there is no problem.
Well, it's time for those partners to make the money
Hello Lao Fang
The bidding project was successful
Did you get the promised funds back?
Sir, if I understand correctly
It should be after you pay the 350 billion guarantee.
Isn't this a complete success?
What do you mean?
As long as Mr. Shen completely wins this project
We will definitely pay immediately according to the contract.
Doing business always follows the contract
Hahahaha
It seems that someone else has reached an agreement with the leave.
Mr. Shen, don't blame me
It's really that the conditions you gave are too harsh.
The conditions given by Italian Lao Qin are much better than yours.
Unexpectedly Shen Tiannan
And such an outstanding son
But a little more tender than your father
You can make deals with other families
My in-laws can do it too.